feat: adding date formatter project for new JS curriculum (#52088)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/65388edfdf364fbb04e426f2.md

---
id: 65388edfdf364fbb04e426f2
title: Step 17
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-17
---

# --description--

> When the user selects the `Year, Month, Day` option from the dropdown, then the date format should reflect that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user chooses the `Year, Month, Day` option from the dropdown, the date format should reflect this choice.
```
